The Joe Rogan experience. We have this, you know,
sort of uncharted territory of social media.
There's not like a lot of documented history of use.
So we can go back to a hundred years of people using social media,
and this is the way to do it healthily. And this is the way to, you know,
there's, there's people that are just tweeting all day.
Long. Yeah. It's.
Just an experi day and going crazy, pulling their hair out, taking pills barely,
barely getting by in this life and just tweeting all day long. Yeah.
It's weird.
And you've got people who have different and then you've got people who just
post 10 selfies a day, same, same picture, same face.
And just go. Yeah, there's some, it's generally when in,
but there's some people's profiles you can go and it's just,
you go on their Instagram page and it's just all just their face, same face,
same pose. And, or multiplemultiple times.
A day, just their butt over and over and over again. Do.
You see that video clip where the girl had the selfie stick and she's,
she's trying to get a photo of her own butt with this, with a selfie stick.
She's like on.
A deck chair. I've seen that. And she's yeah,
that's hilarious that someone took a picture of her doing it.
So her is straight up in the air and she got the selfie sick up like that.
Oh my God. She's trying to get that perfect angle. Oh, I.
Was like, wow. That's the 2019.
Thirsty, thirsty people are so thirsty. They want like so badly.
Yeah, it.
Is. It is very weird. And then you've had people who have died cuz of it.
Oh yeah, sure. I don't grand canyon people keep falling off the grand canyon.
Oh really? Yeah. Falling to their.
Death. Yeah. People falling off buildings. There was uh, that couple where the,
there she is.
Bam. <laugh> she doesn't even have a selfie stick. Oh, it's not
still loving our generation. Who posted that? It's not bar. Oh no. She, yeah,
she has got the selfie stick bar. Stoolol she has got the selfie. Oh,
she does have a selfie stick. Oh, she put it on the selfie stick.
<laugh> look at that dirty. See, see she right there.
She's got her arm up and then she's like, not good enough.
Let's get that selfie stick out. Oh my gosh. My God. That is so hilarious.
It's strange. But imagine if that's your daughter, you're like, no.
It.
Is really strange because have I done? Cause.
I it's both exposed people for what they are,
but it's also changed people's behavior. Yes. Like, you know,
people do things now that you just wouldn't even something as simple as taking a
picture.
Of your food. Well, here's something that never existed before. Yeah.
I'll show you something. This is a, a move that women do.
Where did I put my phone? <laugh> oh, oh my God. I lost my phone. Oh no.
It's probably in my car. Oh, well, no. Yeah, here it is.
Hold on in my purse. My man purse, man purse.
This is something that you see now that you never saw before. Ready?
Here's the look.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
<Laugh> that chicken neck. Then the girls do,
trying to get the right angle. Gotta get the right side. Nobody.
Used to do that before.
No. Right. That's a new thing. That's a new movement of your head. Yeah.
Taking photos of yourself is a pretty new concept. I remember in my space,
people used to do it in the mirror, in the bathrooms,
in the bathroom and stuff like that. Right.
Right. And that's when they first got thirsty. Yeah.
They first start seeing six packs and nice asses and people are.
Yeah. It's just weird.
I just wonder what the effect will be in a couple decades,
to be honest with you. Coincidentally.
My space is also right around the time that white people started
figuring out they like big asses.
Something's happened with that. Hasn't there.
<laugh> I was talking about this with one of my friends.
<Laugh> look, go back to like the Duke's a hazard. Yeah. Okay.
This is what I was talking about the other day, Catherine Duke.
She was like one of the hottest women on the planet earth in like 1980.
And she's a beautiful lady with an as, as flat as this table.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> she probably never did a squat. Yeah. Ever. And uh,
nowadays that won't fly. You, you, yeah. You can't get by,
you can't get by without a big caboose.
It's weird. It's um, part evolution, part diet part. I don't know.
Doctors, doctors, <laugh> a lot of doctors, squat, squat, you know,
going to the gym has become a lot more mainstream though in general. Hasn't it?
It certainly.
Has, but there's a lot of gals out there faking dunk. Yeah.
There's a lot of gals out there with some plastics shoved in their butt talks
area and ready for this dun dun dun as cancer.
There's uh,
a whole group of humans that are experiencing cancer in
their because of as implants,
really the same kind of cancer that many women get when they get breast
implants. Oh, it's not a hundred percent of them, but it's,
it's, it's relevant. Like there's an issue.
There was an article written about it recently that women are starting they're
start.
Doctors are starting to find the same types of cancer that some women get,
cuz you know, everyone's body reacts differently to everything.
And there are certain risks that you take. If you,
you get some sort of an implant in your body that your body rejects it. Yeah.
Or that it causees cancer. So women are getting cancer of their, man.
That's a rough cancer, bro.
You gotta go in there and scoop out chunks of your butt and maybe you die.
Oh man, maybe you die.
It's not worth it because you weren't willing to do squats. Yeah.
Just do squats. That's the thing you can do squats.
It's like if a guy has a little, little Dick, all right.
And there was a machine that let you build your Dick up.
There would be a line around the block for that machine. <laugh> all right.
I mean, everybody would be on that Dick machine,
but women have a way to build their up. It is a real thing.
You can do squats and dead lifts. You can run stairs,
can do squats and deadlifts and you will get a big firm, man. It works.
You know, you're not gonna get a JLo unless you've got those hips.
Yeah. That's have you seen the, when guys do the, um, like the,
the sixp pack implants or of course you must have seen like sin,
you know syntthal and stuff where they, where they yeah.
Inject the oil into the, into the muscles, muscles swell up. Yeah.
People do crazy. People do some strange, some really strange stuff.
The six pack one is the weirdest though. Yeah. Because it's just,
it's it's just there all the time. Yeah. Even if they, yeah,
but it looks weird. Cause some, even if you, they,
even if they gain weight and the rest of their body is kind of flabbby you still
just got, it looks like a ninja turtle. That's what it looks like.
Yeah's <laugh> it's <laugh> it's like by.
<Laugh> that's the perfect way to describe it. Yeah.
God. Yeah.
It looks like B AB implants over his keg. It looks.
Like a bow Bower from Mario, you know.
Show me that in a large version. Jesus Christ.
That's weird. Right.
That's so crazy because that guy's fat.
It just doesn't look right.
Wow. That's so weird. Yeah. And that's definitely fake.
It's not only that guy just does a ton of setups. No.
Cause he is got a barrel chest, but he doesn't have any, any pecks,
which is weird. Who is that says celebs.
I think this guy was on big brother in the UK.
Okay. Yeah. I don't know. And he definitely got an AB implant. Yeah.
That's AB implant fact. Yeah. A.
Hundred percent. Uh I'm pretty sure. Yeah. I don't know.
I'm pretty sure that numbers implant. Yeah. This says shows off plastic surgery,
plastic.
Abs go back to that image that you were just at before. Uh,
go back to where you just were. No scroll down. No, no, no. On the other side,
scroll down the, the boxer right there. The lefthand side. Yeah.
That guy was a boxer above it. Right there. That guy hadeck implants. Okay.
That was a boxer. Witheck implants and like crazy plastic surgery face. He, uh,
we, we, we watched a video of him before he was fighting in Mexico.
He had like fixed Fu Heights. Oh yeah. In Mexico. Remember that? Yeah.
This guy had like fake everything, like fake,
fake chest and fake muscles. And it's.
Just so weird cuz it doesn't even function. Oh my God.
Cause it it's so strange though. Cause it doesn't even,
it doesn't even function. Yeah. Right. If you had big arms or arms,
arms that look big, pumped up with synthol or whatever,
but then they're not even strong or.
Right. And then the problem is, look at that neck, grab a hold of that neck bro.
You ain't, you ain't defending any chokes, sir. That, that is a tiny neck.
Oh.
That, that, that,
that one there that before and after really shows on the left the abs.
Oh yeah. Go to that far left. Yeah, you.
Can. That really shows the wow.
Wow. That's credible. Yeahcredible my.
God. But what's weird is because your abs only look like that.
If you're leaning. Like if you're, if you're flexing them. Yes.
But when they do that, it's like that all the time. All the time.
So it just, it just doesn't.
Look. Right. Well, look at that. That's incredible. This.
Is different. This is abdominal etching. So it's not an implant,
but like sculpting in some way with something,
a guy did also lose weight between those two pictures.
You. Yeah, he certainly did.
He certainly dropped his body and it looks like his arms and chest got bigger
too. Yeah. He leaned out. I'm not buying.
That one. Yeah. One might be just,
and then that you got that sythal guy up there. I don't know people do.
Some people do some strange things. The thing is a woman.
Can get things done like boobs and no one cares guys, look,
she looks hot. Hmm. But if a guy's got like a sock in his whoa, whoa.
Oh that girl we're looking at a girl who has fake implants of her,
her abdomen,
her abdominal muscles that are so obviously fake that they're over her ribs.
Yeah. Yeah.
Like those muscles are literally over the ribc cage where they don't even
belong. No. Hmm. That's nuts. No. Look at your face too steroids much.
Yeah.
So you can see like look at. Yeah. So look at that guy.
You can see when he's sitting mm-hmm <affirmative> go to that. Guy' left.
Like he's the abs are still <laugh>.
Oh my God. That's so ridiculous. It just doesn't look fat is too, bro.
You gotta lose what? Wait, if you gonna rock a fit. That's.
So lazy. It's an eightack.
Too. That's so lazy. See abs are a weird one.
Cause if you really desperately wanted abs everybody can get 'em if you just
work hard enough. Yeah. You know, abs it's not like what, what is that?
Jesus Christ the guy's ABSs and then a weird swelling underneath it's
yeah. Just go to the, it says flesh Fanny pack. Yeah. But that's his,
what is that? I don't know. I don't know. Sorry. I just,
what is thatdistracted that's just a weird picture. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But guys with fake things that like get no respect <laugh> you know what I mean?
Like a guy with a fake Dick, like get out of here,
a guy with fake packs kick go away. What does this, what he, whoa.
Injected into his ball. The ball. He, oh my gosh. Man.
Dies after injecting silicone into his testicles for sex cultt game.
Okay. Yeah. That fellow had issues,
but like dudes with fakepecs and guys would fake muscles.
Like nobody wants to see that.
Nah, just go to the gym and eat. Right. It does work.
But imagine if there really, if there was a Dick growing machine, you know,
like a squat rack for your Dick <laugh> boy,
boy would there be a line, but.
After wouldn't it just become like, that would just become the new norm.
If everyone, yeah. Girls would be.
All stretched out. Everybody have a giant hog, but you know what?
I don't,
I don't actually think most people would use just like most people don't go to
the gym. I mean,
you've already got this option to increase your muscles and make yourself look
better. And most people don't do it.
So I'm not convinced that if it took actual work and effort,
I don't actually think the majority of people would do it. I think.
You're a hundred percent correct. Yeah. Yeah. If it was difficult,
it was hard work. That's why people want these operations.
All they have to do is go to the doctor's office.
Then doctor's gonna take care of everything. Mike, I'm gonna put you under.
And when you wake up, you're gonna have a hug of a lifetime.
You're gonna have the giantpecs and a full sculpted sixp pack.
And synthal stuffed muscles. There's one video.
This guy that's Brazilian, dude.
He who's got these syntthal muscles and he is dancing and it looks like he's got
water balloons all over his, I know he, you.
Talking about, you know, the video' talking about crazy.
Yeah. Like the, the,
the body dysmorphia where people just don't see what other people see,
like the same as anorexic mm-hmm <affirmative> and the same as you know, I,
I guess bodybuils have that same issue. Like a lot of really enormous.
Bodybuils still feel like they look small.
Yeah. It's it's weird, man. It's it's weird.
Like I just think if you wanna change your body, you wanna change your physique.
You wanna feel better. You wanna feel more confident. There is a way to do that.
Yes.
That doesn't involve paying tens of thousands of dollars or taking massive
health risks or getting cut up or anything like that. Just go to the gym,
lift train. I, it works. Yes. It, it really, it really does work.
Not everyone's gonna be able to reach some elite level, but you know,
everyone can.
Look better, man. Everyone can look better. Yeah.
The people that have sympathy for people with physical deformities mm. You know,
issues that you just can't grow muscle or something's wrong with your body or
you have a disease like that. Yeah. I get it. Then for those people,
I do truly hope that science comes up with a solution. Mm.
And then through some sort of CRISPR type engineering they're able to.
Thank.